
=== PAGE 6 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-158C-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Revenue

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 6


=== PAGE 7 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871
Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The Company's risk management strategy is to identify potential events that may impact the business and to
manage these within the risk appetite set by the Board. The risk appetite of the Company is aligned with that of
Revolut Group Holdings Ltd (the 'Parent') and subsidiaries (the 'Group') to the extent that it follows a consistent risk
taxonomy and appetite/tolerance levels are set so that the Company does not exceed that of the Group. The
principal risks facing the Company can be categorised into financial risk, operational risk, financial crime risk, legal
and regulatory compliance risk and conduct and culture risk, as summarised below:

Financial Risk

The Company is exposed to various financial risks in the ordinary course of business. The Company divides these
risks into the following categories: Credit Risk, Liquidity and Funding Risk, Market Risk and Capital Risk.

+ Credit Risk is the risk of financial loss should the Company's counterparties fail to fulfil their contractual
obligations in full and on time. The Company is exposed to various credit risks in the course of its
operations, the majority of which arise from the placements of corporate and client safeguarded funds with
financial institutions. These are typically investment-grade-rated institutions.

« Liquidity Risk is the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations when they fall due or is only
able to do so at excessive cost. To manage these risks, the Company maintains a portfolio of
unencumbered, high-quality cash instruments and securities that are readily convertible to cash to ensure
that it can meet all of its financial obligations in business-as-usual circumstances and in stress conditions.

+ Market Risk is the risk that the Company's earnings, capital or ability to meet business objectives will be
adversely affected by changes in the level of volatility of market rates or prices, including foreign exchange
rates, commodities, cryptocurrencies, and interest rates. The Company undertakes hedging transactions for
these risks where appropriate.

* Capital Risk is the risk that the Company does not hold adequate capital to support its regulatory
requirements or risk profile. The Company is an FCA regulated e-money institution.

Operational Risk

Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss as a result of inadequate or failed internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. The Company manages operational risk under its Enterprise Risk Management
Framework which is supported and underpinned by the Operational Risk Management Policy. Tools and minimum
standards for operational risk management are defined and applied in the Company. Important elements include
operational risk and control identification and assessment, control testing and assurance, incident and issue
management and monitoring and alerting through an extensive suite of risk and control metrics and indicators.

Financial services firms face a broad range of operational risks, depending on the size and complexity of their
operations. Examples of key operational risks that Revolut actively manages include:

* Operational Resilience, for which the Company operates an extensive framework to ensure stability of our
services to our customer base. The aim of this is to limit the likelihood of a major disruption occurring, and
also to limit the harm to customers and Revolut should a disruption occur.

« — Cyber and Data Security threats are managed through a series of technical and organisational controls.
Revolut continues to invest in its digital platforms and security posture and builds resilient, secure
technologies and processes to minimise the risk of data security breaches.

« Third Party Risks, where the Company relies on the provision of products and services from third parties for
the delivery of its business activities. We manage these through a framework that includes third party risk
assessment, due diligence, contracting standards, contingency arrangements and ongoing monitoring of
third party performance.

Specialist and dedicated operational risk management capability is deployed across the Three Lines of Defence
Model and governed under our Compliance, Operational and Conduct Risk Committee.

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 7


=== PAGE 8 ===
Docusign Envelope 1D: 27870236-158C-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Financial Crime Risk

Financial Crime Risk is the risk of failing to effectively mitigate the use of Revolut’s products and services to
perpetrate financial crimes, including by third parties and employees. This includes money laundering, violations of
sanctions , and terrorist and proliferation financing. Examples of key financial crime risks that Revolut manages
include:

« Money laundering and terrorist financing, the risk that the Company’s products and services will be used to
conceal, transfer and make use of the proceeds of crime, such as drug trafficking and terrorist financing;

« — Sanctions risk, the risk that the Company facilitates the movement and use of sanctioned assets, by
sanctioned entities, without identification, freezing or reporting;

+ Fraud risk, the risk that the Company is used by fraudsters to perpetrate fraud, or our customers fall victim
to fraud, such as Authorised Push Payment (“APP”) fraud or Account Takeover (“ATO”) fraud.

The Company has implemented a Three Lines of Defence Model and robust financial crime control framework to
ensure that it complies with all financial crime regulations and effectively manages these financial crime risks. This
includes the implementation of comprehensive onboarding, transaction monitoring, screening and reporting controls.

Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risk

Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risk is the risk that the Company may fail to adhere to legal or regulatory
requirements under pre-existing authorisations and permissions. Examples of key Legal and Regulatory Compliance
risks that the Company actively manages include:

+ Regulatory Permissions Risk, the risk that the Company unintentionally operates outside the scope of its
regulatory permissions. This can encompass the offering of products or services to customers in a
jurisdiction for which Revolut is not yet authorised to do so; and

+ Industry / Scheme Requirements Risk, the risk that the Company may fail to adhere to non-regulatory body
industry/scheme requirements to which it is exposed as a result of its business activities, such as card
schemes or voluntary codes.

The Company is committed to complying with the relevant regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which it
operates and to provide accurate, reliable and timely reports to external regulators, authorities and stakeholders.

Conduct and Culture Risk

The Company has Conduct Risks associated with customer outcomes, market stability and effective competition;
and Culture Risks associated with business practices and incentives. The Company is committed to putting
consumers at the heart of the business and delivering to them good outcomes. Examples of key risks across the
stages of the consumer journey include:

« Product Design, Price and Fair Value Risk, the risk that our products and services are not suitable for or fail
to meet the target market needs and expectations;

« Consumer Understanding and Sales, Distribution and Marketing Risk, the risk that sales, distribution and
marketing activity is unfair, unclear or misleading;

+ Customer Support and Post-Sales Conduct Risk, the risk that our post sales client and product activity leads
to poor or unfair customer outcomes; and

Culture and Incentives Risk, the risk that business practices or incentive structures encourage excessive or
imprudent risk taking, poor employee conduct or create the risk of poor outcomes for customers or other
stakeholders.

Emerging Risk

Whilst the Company monitors the environment for key risks emerging, we would like to call out the following risks in
this year’s report. These are risks which we are paying particular attention to and are developing concrete plans to
integrate into our daily risk and control registers (or amend existing entries where relevant)

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 8


=== PAGE 9 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4F E0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Climate Risk

The Company's exposure to the financial risks arising from climate change is immaterial. While we remain vigilant
and committed to monitoring climate risks, our software-based business minimises our exposure to climate-related
scenarios as our operations rely less on physical infrastructure and more on digital platforms. Our corporate physical
footprint (e.g. office space) continues to be limited and we do not provide direct funding that generates financed
emissions and are not collateralised by physical assets exposed to climate change.

Given the longer-term nature of the risk and the Company's desire to set and achieve appropriate climate goals, we
currently manage climate risk as an emerging risk, recognising this may become more material as our exposure
begins to grow.

Considering that the risk is insignificant, we limit further disclosures.
Evolving Regulatory Environment

As a regulated business, the Company keeps abreast of the emerging regulatory and legislative changes which
could impact the way we operate and therefore our ability to comply with applicable regulations and legislations. To
achieve this, the Company, partnering with a number of third parties, has developed its own Horizon Scanning
process to capture and assess the potential impact of upcoming regulatory change while jointly maintaining an
active and open dialogue with all regulators and government bodies in our operating territories.

In particular, we are closely monitoring the changes in regulatory landscape and industry developments relating to
Cryptoasset products following the continued evolution of regulatory enforcement in this arena. In addition, we
continue to closely monitor the potential impact of the UK’s Payment Systems Regulator developments on frauds
refund including the mandatory reimbursement model.

Evolving Technologies

We believe that evolving technologies create significant opportunity for innovation of our Products and Services, but
also recognises challenges associated with their use. Regulations around the use of new technologies (e.g. Artificial
Intelligence) are also evolving and the Company applies significant governance over potential use cases to ensure
that key risks (e.g. Model, Data Privacy, Legal, Compliance) are identified and managed.

Emerging technologies also feature in rapidly evolving external threats, for example through External Fraud or Cyber
Attack. Our controls therefore require continuous enhancement to ensure they remain effective. As referenced in the
principle risks section, a regular and ongoing programme of penetration testing is in place to identify weak points
against changing attack vectors. Fraud detection models continue to be enhanced, leveraging new technologies
(e.g. Large Language Models) to become increasingly effective.

Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement

The Company has elected not to prepare a separate Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement (the
"NFSI Statement") since its disclosures for the reporting period are included within the NFSI Statement of Revolut
Group Holdings Ltd in line with the provisions of s. 414CA(7) and (8) of the Companies Act 2006.

Corporate Governance Statement

The Company operates in accordance with all applicable corporate governance, legal and regulatory requirements.
While not formally subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the "CG Code"), the Board has regard to its
principles, which are applied through its Corporate Governance Framework, although there are some aspects of the
CG Code that are not necessarily consistent with the operating environment of a large private company. We are fully
compliant with the Wates Principles, upholding rigorous governance standards that drive transparency,
accountability, and sustainable outcomes for Revolut and our stakeholders. We welcome the introduction of the
revised edition of the CG Code, effective January 2025, and are committed to evaluating its provisions to further
strengthen our governance framework. Further details on the Group's Corporate Governance Framework, which also
applies to the Company, can be found in the consolidated financial statements of Revolut Group Holdings Ltd for the
financial year ending 31 December 2024.”

2 Currently, the governance structures of Revolut Group Holdings Ltd and Revolut Ltd are identical, with each board
and committee having identical memberships. The board considers this model, along with the Group Corporate
Governance Framework, to be effective in balancing operational efficiency with robust governance oversight.

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 9


=== PAGE 10 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Section 172 Statement

The Board has a responsibility under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 (“Section 172”), when making
decisions, to consider the interests of the Company's stakeholders. This is part of the Board's wider responsibility to
promote the long-term success of the Company. We have outlined below some of the key actions the Board have
taken to engage with our stakeholders and to discharge their duties under Section 172. The Company is a subsidiary
undertaking included in the consolidated financial statements of the Parent, and so the directors have prepared its
statement of matters relevant for Section 172 based on the Group's strategic report (the "Annual Report").

$172 consideration Annual Report Section

Long term consequences of Strategic Report; Our Business Model and Strategy
decisions Strategic Report; Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
Interests of employees Strategic Report; Our People

Fostering business relationships Strategic Report; Engaging with Stakeholders
with suppliers, customers and
others
Impact of operations on the Strategic Report; Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
community and the environment
Maintaining a reputation of high Risk Management & Compliance
standard of business conduct Corporate Governance; How Governance Works Here
Corporate Governance; Role of the Board, Activities and Decisions
Corporate Governance; A Look at Board and Committee Activity
Acting fairly between members _— Strategic Report; Our Investors
of the company

Given the strategic importance of our relationships with our suppliers, customers and employees, as well as their
commitment to strong corporate governance, the directors have chosen to include matters pertaining to the Board's
engagement in these areas within the strategic report pursuant to section 414(C)(11) of the Companies Act 2006.

Engagement with Suppliers and Customers

As we expand our services and geographical footprint, partnerships continue to be instrumental in our growth. We
maintain our commitment to fostering relationships built on trust, mutual benefit, and adherence to rigorous
business standards.

Ethical Business Practices

Our stance against bribery and corruption is unequivocal, and we maintain strict compliance with applicable laws
and regulations. We ensure transparency and integrity across all business engagements through comprehensive
employee training on identifying and addressing unethical behaviour. This is supported by rigorous due diligence
assessments conducted by our third party risk team and regular reassessments of existing partnerships. We also
have established clear protocols for reporting and addressing concerns, ensuring that unethical behaviour is
promptly identified and addressed.

Revolut remains firmly committed to acting with integrity and upholding ethical standards in all its business
relationships. As part of this commitment, we uphold a zero-tolerance policy towards modern slavery and human
trafficking throughout our operations and supply chains. Revolut's policy stresses the importance of implementing
and enforcing efficient systems and controls to prevent slavery and human trafficking within its supply chains. These
measures include, but are not limited to, conducting third-party due diligence, performing risk assessments of
suppliers, including contractual clauses requiring suppliers to adhere to Revolut's policy, and establishing a robust
mechanism for the prompt escalation of issues related to modern slavery and human trafficking.

Enhanced Supplier Collaboration

In 2024, we implemented Coupa's Source-to-Pay (S2P) system as part of our ongoing commitment to strengthening
relationships with our suppliers and enhancing our collaboration. Designed to streamline processes and improve
interactions, the system offers a range of valuable benefits. Order transparency is a key feature, allowing suppliers
to easily track purchase orders, invoices, and payment statuses, helping them manage their workflow and minimise
delays. Real-time updates keep suppliers informed of any changes to orders, payments, or approvals, reducing

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 10


=== PAGE 11 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

uncertainty and improving forecasting accuracy. The system also simplifies the invoicing process, enabling direct
submission of invoices, which reduces manual errors and expedites approval, leading to faster payments.

Additionally, centralised communication ensures all interactions between buyers and suppliers are captured in one
place, reducing the risk of missed information or misunderstandings. Tracking and reporting capabilities provide
suppliers with valuable insights into their performance, such as on-time delivery and invoice accuracy, allowing them
to identify areas for improvement. The system also reduces administrative burdens from our suppliers manually
submitting invoices, while providing access to data analytics that enable suppliers to optimise operations and make
more informed business decisions.

This initiative represents a significant step forward in our supplier relationship management, reducing administrative
burden while providing tools for improved collaboration and business growth. We continue to invest in strengthening
our partnerships and supplier relationships, recognising their crucial role in our success and we are building a robust
foundation for sustainable growth and collaboration.

Engagement with Employees

Currently, 95% of our workforce actively participates in engagement surveys conducted through our proprietary
feedback platform, Revolut Voices. To support the Board in their responsibility to uphold a strong and healthy
corporate culture, an engagement metrics pack is regularly provided for their review.

We continue with the Revolut Spires, which aims to prepare employees for drastic functional career shifts, and the
High Potential Development programme (HiPo) to develop our future leaders. The programme is structured to offer a
blend of hands-on experience, leadership development, and exposure to various departments within the company.
By immersing themselves in different areas of our business, the participants gain a holistic understanding of our
operations and build a strong foundation for future career growth.

In 2024, we also introduced our flagship employee recognition programme, the 10X Awards, to recognise individuals
and teams whose work drives exceptional outcomes. Aligned with our core values—Never Settle, Get It Done, Think
Deeper, Deliver WOW, and Dream Team—the awards celebrate achievements that push boundaries to make a
measurable impact on how we serve our Customers and grow as a company.

2024 also saw the launch of the second iteration of the Rev-celerator program, a three-month internship designed
for students. 33 interns completed the program and 18 were extended an offer to join the Rev-celerator Graduate
program in September 2025. The programme received overwhelmingly positive feedback from both interns and
managers. Building on this success, we introduced the 18-month Rev-Advance programme, which focuses on
Executive Associate and Risk and Compliance tracks, tailored for recent graduates and young professionals.

As a remote-first company, we efficiently work in global teams, with an average of 4.1 nationalities per team, which
on average have 6 employees.

Employment, Training & Advancement of Disabled Persons

Hiring and Recruitment Processes: We factor in additional time for candidates requiring adjustments, ensuring clear
and upfront processes are available for prospective employees throughout the recruitment process.

HR Policies and Processes: We have HR policies and processes globally to support relevant workplace adjustments,
ensuring that all employees have the necessary accommodations to thrive in their roles.

Count Me In Initiative: We consistently engage employees to update their diversity information, achieving a 90%
completion rate for disability data. This initiative ensures we have up-to-date information to better support our
disabled employees.

Director+ Population: 8% of our Director+ colleagues versus 3% of our overall population identify as having a
disability or neurodiversity. This reflects our commitment to career advancement for these employees,
demonstrating our dedication to diversity at all levels of the organisation.

Neurodiversity Group: Our growing neurodiversity group, which includes many who identify as having a disability,
will become a fully-supported guild this quarter. This enhancement will provide additional support and resources for
our neurodivergent employees.

This Strategic Report was approved by the Board on 16 April 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

h

Nikolay Storonsky
Director

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 W


=== PAGE 12 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Directors' Report

The Directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 for Revolut Ltd
(the ‘Company').

Principal Activities

The Company is an electronic money institution authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the

“FCA") under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011. The Company is registered with the'FCA as a crypto-asset firm
under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017.
Further details on its business activities can be found in the strategic report under Review of the Business Activities.

List of Directors
The Directors who served during the period and up to the date of this report are named on page 3.
Dividends

During 2024 the Company distributed dividends of £267 million (2023: £104 million) of which £37 million (2023: £1.4
million) were dividends in specie to Revolut Group Holdings Ltd (the ‘Parent') in support of the Parent's capital
allocation strategy.

Energy Usage and Greenhouse Gas Emissions

The Company has elected not to prepare a separate Energy Usage and Greenhouse Gas Emissions (EU&GGE)
Report since its disclosures for the reporting period are included within the EU&GGE Report of the Parent in line with
the provisions of Part 7A of Schedule 7 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and
Reports) Regulations 2008.

Research and Development

The Company undertakes research and development activities in respect of the development and enhancement of
its technology platform. Revolut incurred research and development costs during 2024 of £169 million and these are
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (2023: £122.3 million).

Political Donations

The Company does not make any political donations or incur political expenditure within the ordinary meaning of
those words. However, the definitions of political donations, political parties, political organisations and political
expenditure under the Companies Act 2006 are broad. As.a result, such definitions may cover ordinary activities that.
form part of normal business activities of the Company. The Company has not made any political donations to any
registered political parties, organisations or candidates. The Company has made a payment to a third party as part
of a sponsorship agreement to participate, and promote the Company's business, in events prepared by them at,
and in publications prepared by them in relation to, a party conference. This was for business purposes and is not
intended or considered to be in the nature of party political campaigning, activity or support.

Directors’ Indemnities

The Parent indemnifies each of the Company's Directors against third party liability, subject to the conditions set out
in section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. This qualifying third party indemnity provision was in force during the
2024 financial year.

Financial Instruments

The Company enters into a series of financial instruments for the purposes of its business operations, comprising
cash and cash equivalents, financial investments held to collect and sell, derivatives, customer liabilities,
intercompany and other payables, and receivables measured at amortised cost. Details of the Company's financial
instruments are set out in Note 27 of the financial statements.

The Company is exposed to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. The Company undertakes fair-value hedge
accounting using interest rate swaps for its non-interest-bearing core deposits. Details of the Company's hedge
accounting are set out in Note 27.5 of the financial statements.

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 12


=== PAGE 13 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Capital Management

As at 31 December 2024, the Company had total capital resources, all of which is Common Equity Tier 1 (‘CET1), of
£1,566 million (2023: £877 million).

Going Concern

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis as the Directors have concluded that the
Company has sufficient resources to continue in operation for a period of at least twelve months from the date of
approval of the financial statements.

The going concern assessment is based upon the latest financial forecast prepared by management. The forecast
includes appropriate assumptions in respect to user and revenue growth, and profitability derived from the historical
performance of the business and expected changes to the business throughout the forecast period.

In their assessment of going concern, the Directors have also considered the severe but plausible downside
scenarios used in the Group’s detailed Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and Internal Liquidity
Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) to evaluate the viability of the business. Revolut has considered a variety of
scenarios, including ones based on historic events, regulatory stress tests and internal scenarios. Three stress
scenarios were then selected and modelled to examine the key business vulnerabilities and risks.

These scenarios ensure a variety of risks are assessed and put stress on one or more of the principal risks outlined
in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section (p. 7). The impact was assessed both before and after the actions of
the Group's management, and this impact was compared against the Group's capital and liquidity requirements. This
assessment also stresses the underlying entities in the Group, including the Company, and the entities from which
the Company generates service fee income. The scenarios that were tested by the Group are summarised in the
table below.

ype Description
«Drop in property prices (residential and commercial) sharply triggering widespread defaults.
Interest Rates Financial institutions in distress reduce lending.
Haina Inflationary pressures recede following geopolitical developments and Central Banks
respond by cutting interest rates.
Market + This is based on Bank of England's 2024 Annual Demand Shock Scenario.
+ Inflation increases globally leading to Central Banks having to raise interest rates resulting in
Interest Rates a global recession.
Increase + GDP growth stagnates and unemployment increases for a protracted period of time.
+ This is based on Bank of England's 2024 Annual Supply Shock Scenario.
Reputational An operational event leads to a fall in customer confidence and severe reputational damage.
Idiosyncratic a Many customers withdraw funds and stop using Revolut due to the loss of confidence.

It takes considerable time before trust is restored.

In all scenarios, the Company’s capital and liquidity remain well above regulatory requirements. This sufficiency does
not require any external financing. While profitability is reduced, under all three stress scenarios, Revolut continues
to generate profit throughout the assessment period. In the most severe scenario, short-term profitability shrinks
however the Company is able to meet its capital and liquidity requirements. This sufficiency does not require any
external capital raises. In case impact under these stress scenarios exceed expectations, management has identified
a range of mitigating actions to preserve capital and liquidity buffers and ensure requirements are met. These
include discretionary reductions in operating expenses, reprioritising growth initiatives, or pausing non-essential
investments.

Additionally, reverse stress testing was conducted to identify extreme but plausible conditions under which the
business model might become unviable.

These findings reflect not only the resilience of the Company's diversified business model but also its strong position

in terms of capital and liquidity. This adds to the substantial evidence supporting the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern.

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 13


=== PAGE 14 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

The Directors have considered the forecasts and stress tests for the Company and have, at the time of approving
these financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in
operation for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements.

Events After the Reporting Date
Please refer to Note 31 on page 80 for information about our post balance sheet events.

Branches outside the UK

Please refer to Note 15 on page 53 for information about the Company's branches.

Disclosure of Information to the Auditor

Each of the directors, as of the date of approval of this Directors’ Report, confirm that:

e so far as the directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditors are
unaware; and

* they have taken all of the steps that ought to have been taken as a director in order to be aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditors are aware of that information.

Auditor

BDO LLP have indicated their willingness to be reappointed as auditors for another term and appropriate
arrangements will be put in place for them to be deemed reappointed.

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 14


=== PAGE 15 ===
Docusign Envelope ID: 27870236-15BC-4FE0-A87C-657C9BBC3871

Directors’ Responsibilities Statement

The Directors are responsible for preparing this Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the Financial Statements
in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

The Directors have chosen to prepare the Company Financial Statements in accordance with Financial Reporting
Standard 101, ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (FRS 101) and the Companies Act 2006.

The law provides that the Directors may only approve the financial statements if they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for the financial
year to which they relate.

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are required to:

« Maintain appropriate accounting records, which enable the Directors to understand the Company's
transactions and financial position;

« — Select appropriate accounting policies and apply them consistently;

« Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable
and understandable information;

+ Make judgments and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ Provide additional disclosures in certain circumstances to ensure that readers of the financial statements
can understand the impact of particular transactions and matters on the Company's financial position and
financial performance;

* Ensure that the financial statements comply with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006;

« Make an assessment of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern; and

+ Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to;cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard assets of the Company and to
prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of
the corporate and financial information on the company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the
preparation and dissemination of the financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

This Directors' Report was approved by the Board on 16 April 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

on by
h
oo ai

Nikolay Storonsky
Director
16 April 2025

Revolut Ltd Registered number: 08804411 15

